attesttion-tool: DCAP support (#31)
oasisprotocol/tools: attestation-tool/README.md

TCB status: SWHardeningNeeded
TCB Advisory IDs: ["INTEL-SA-00615"]
Verifying QE identity
Using PCCS URL: "https://api.trustedservices.intel.com/sgx/certification/v4/qe/identity"
Quoting Enclave: verified and up to date
DCAP (ECDSA) succeeded
```

#### Success

In case the reported TCB status is: `UpToDate` or `SWHardeningNeeded` and
"DCAP (ECDSA) succeeded" is outputed.

#### Failure

In case the tool reports "DCAP (ECDSA) failed" or
"DCAP (ECDSA) invalid TCB status: OutOfDate".

In case DCAP attestation was succesful but an invalid TCB status was reported

> make sure that the systems platfrom is up to date (a BIOS update might be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make sure that the system platform is up to date (a BIOS update might be
```
